it was one to recover from a professional bumping. So you try not to be
zero defect. We try very hard. That means you're gonna make the states.
So the first thing is usually sitting top going. Remember that?
Well, you do. You've got to get back in the saddle. You've got to
get back up. You gotta try it yet you were going to be doing for ship's
officers. You're going to be doing bullshit alongside station keeping.
Do not hit the other ship. What was her shoot? Times that we
have available did that, especially with the way refuelings. So you've
got to rehearse it in your mother. You've gotta find time to go up
on the bridge, Wayne, or on the Flying Bridge. Look down and watch
this. Watch someone do the evolution so you could have it fresh in
your mind when your turn comes to do a calling exercise. So this thing
when you do have a bump in the road a acknowledge it for training
will evaluate the situation. Do not fight it. Do not fight that you
what last one shouldn't want, right? Just acknowledge that you did
for whatever and correct it the next time corrected in training. Your
engineer gotta do qualify as an engineer. Awesome. Watch. Just do
another engineering drill. Get held in here at making part of muscle.
Okay, this is what I have to do. That means acknowledging estate getting
up, doing it again.